# Project Publish AI 12_13_2023 Demo

## Demo Scope
Dev1 - Today we cleaned up the code structure for the image generation model and pushed that into a hugging face. We have included that model in the previous complete model. We have noticed that when we give some keywords for prompts (poster, book), it will generate some kind of template after some time. Then we delete the runtime after generating one image in the colab file. We tested our prompt again using the keyword movie poster’, and we found that text styles can be decided by the user; they should add to the code as well.
Dev2 - Today we have checked the ginger API documentation and raised the complaint to rapid api regarding the ginger api output. Here is the screenshot of the raised complaint. 

# Demo Loom 
Link - https://www.loom.com/share/95d28cbc3fb64ab799acea76b12eebb9?sid=714903bd-2f19-4ee7-8c9a-6dd0fe5f967e

# Demo Hugging Face
Link - https://huggingface.co/spaces/publish-ai/publish-ai-book-generation-V2.5

# Client Feedback
I think this is a good point to stop working on the book cover generation part. I would like us to also clean up the codebase for the demo we last showed for Publish Ai (The book generation per chapter part) and wrap this project up to hand-off the codebase to the client. Review the codebase, optimize it if possible, and prepare to hand over the codebase to the client.  I would like you to help dev 1 above with optimizing and improving the main publish Ai book generation demo so we can give the codebase to the client by end of the week.


  1.Stop working on the book cover generation and conclude that part.
  2.Clean up and review the codebase for the Publish Ai demo.
  3.Optimize the codebase if possible.
  4.Prepare for the handoff to the client.
  5.Optimize and improve the main publish AI book generation demo for Dev 1 by the end of the week to provide a polished codebase to the client.
