# Project Publish AI 12_11_2023 Demo

## Demo Scope
Dev1 - We have tried many different techniques to adjust the prompt, but we have found that if the model is continuously generating images it will add more hallucinations to the last output. Then we run the model one time and delete the runtime. We have adjusted the prompt a little bit, because we are asked to focus more on the text outputs. That also has the same scenario, if model is runs continuously it will break the accuracy of the text output.
Dev2 - We have subscribed to the ginger API from the rapid API and it doesn't give the output properly it shows the mistaken letters there. here we add the loom as well to check. 

# Demo Loom 
Link - https://www.loom.com/share/d47133af459e4763902175829c9a564d?sid=5565dfcb-7a4a-4bfd-9b94-a37eb0068d9a

# Client Feedback
I think this is the limitation of what can be done with Dalle-3, so let’s work on cleaning up the codebase for the demo we last showed and wrap this project up to hand-off the codebase to the client.

Remember, we need to improve quality and reduce the time spent optimizing the prompt. If not, two route would be to find a 3rd party tool or an API service for the grammar checking.

For the demo, we need something faster and reliable so that end client would be happy.
There has been a change in the focus and strategy with the client. Instead of the content generation system, they want to focus on the book generation system. We need to get this done before next Monday before the demo day.
